README.md, before:

# gif storage

Storage place for all my favorite gifs.

![thumbs up](thumbs-up/thumbs-up.gif)

## Contributing

Feel free to open a pull request if you have a gif that you really think belongs in here. However, I will only accept images that I think I will personally want to use.

I'm not trying to build a comprehensive storage place for the world's best gifs, just trying to organize all the gifs I personally use. I sync these locally, so I'll be somewhat selective about adding new stuff. That said, feel free to suggest ones you think are awesome, and if I don't accept the PR just fork the repo and add to your own! :thumbsup:

## Curating your own gif library

You can also [fork](https://github.com/thedavidthomas/gifs/fork) this repository to your own account, and have your own gif library. Once you fork to your own account, you can even host your own GH Pages site ([like mine](http://gifs.dav.sx/)) by editing or removing the [CNAME](https://github.com/thedavidthomas/gifs/blob/gh-pages/CNAME) file in your fork and [setting up dns records](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-up-a-custom-domain-with-github-pages/) accordingly.

To update the site index on the GH Pages site, you'll need to run the index build script. Just clone the project to your local machine, open Terminal, and `cd` into the repo. Then, run `script/build_site_index` and commit your changes. Once the new index is commited to your gh-pages branch, it will be live on your site as soon as the CDN updates (usually within a few minutes).

## Gifwit support

Thanks to [@orderedlist](http://github.com/orderedlist), you can quickly access all the gifs in my repo via the handy OSX app [Gifwit](http://gifwit.com/). Just download the [library.gifwit](http://gifs.dav.sx/library.gifwit ) file and open in Gifwit. Gifwit will import all the gifs from the repo and you'll be able to easily access the production URLs via keyboard shortcuts. :zap:

Commit message:

add panda gifs remove a few gifs and optimise some - trying to get all under 2mb

README.md, after:

# gif storage

Storage place for all my favorite gifs.

![thumbs up](thumbs-up/thumbs-up.gif)

## Contributing

Feel free to open a pull request if you have a gif that you really think belongs in here. However, I will only accept images that I think I will personally want to use. A file size of under 2MB is recommended.

I'm not trying to build a comprehensive storage place for the world's best gifs, just trying to organize all the gifs I personally use. I sync these locally, so I'll be somewhat selective about adding new stuff. That said, feel free to suggest ones you think are awesome, and if I don't accept the PR just fork the repo and add to your own! :thumbsup:

## Curating your own gif library

You can also [fork](https://github.com/thedavidthomas/gifs/fork) this repository to your own account, and have your own gif library. Once you fork to your own account, you can even host your own GH Pages site ([like mine](http://gifs.dav.sx/)) by editing or removing the [CNAME](https://github.com/thedavidthomas/gifs/blob/gh-pages/CNAME) file in your fork and [setting up dns records](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-up-a-custom-domain-with-github-pages/) accordingly.

To update the site index on the GH Pages site, you'll need to run the index build script. Just clone the project to your local machine, open Terminal, and `cd` into the repo. Then, run `script/build_site_index` and commit your changes. Once the new index is commited to your gh-pages branch, it will be live on your site as soon as the CDN updates (usually within a few minutes).

## Gifwit support

Thanks to [@orderedlist](http://github.com/orderedlist), you can quickly access all the gifs in my repo via the handy OSX app [Gifwit](http://gifwit.com/). Just download the [library.gifwit](http://gifs.dav.sx/library.gifwit ) file and open in Gifwit. Gifwit will import all the gifs from the repo and you'll be able to easily access the production URLs via keyboard shortcuts. :zap:
